Add support for Mermaid.js diagrams (#15803)
pulumi/docs: STYLE-GUIDE.md

> This is something a person said.

## Diagrams

> Hugo supports two types of diagrams for visualizing concepts and architecture:

Author: ```suggestion
We support two types of diagrams for visualizing concepts and architecture:
```
